I would like you to be the first to know
I'm having a baby you're pregnant
yeah but I'm working on it I'll party
for insemination only Cassie we do it
like this I'm rolling to the donor mom
Cassie's best friend oh that's okay
what's wrong with my spam by the way
you're a loner odd you had your window
with Cassie and your doom did she put
you in the friend zone we're all gonna
leave and she's gonna like do the deed
with this big baster now be queen or
something I'm messing with you
have you thought that on Molly I hate it
when we drink control
we were so drunk last night I don't
remember anything
hey Wally guess what we're moving back
to New York
Swee this is uncle Wally hi I Sebastian
I think I have cyclothymic disorder okay
was I not clear about Web MD oh there's
the similarities and coincidences she
looks just like you
you don't think that I could have
switched Roland's ingredient for my's hi
I hijacked Cassie's pregnancy
oh that's ill-advised I get the first
order of business is jolly classy I need
to talk to you what is he doing I got
this Roland's here come on be nice by
the nightmare
I'm spending advice on how to be a
better father to my son
and I think that this guy is a mistake
would you please not Wally this into a
situation hang on did you just use my
name as a verb
yeah I did you're gonna be in each
other's lives for a very long time why I
was born because um you know I'm uh oh
jeez
she's a light of my life I sold me I
think that I had feelings for her
really you think so it's only been 13
years Oh door right now we're moving
I've had my doubts with hypochondria
what's that
thinking that you have diseases that you
don't really have oh my god I have that
congratulations you're you're a father